Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Same!
Two!
Three!
V/er!
Five!
Six!
Seven!
Eight. nine!
Same!
You need to be faster.
Three!
V/er!
Five!
Six. seven!
And keep breathing.
Six!
Two!
One two three!
Very good. Mei.
Yun. concentrate.
Breathe!
Looking ahead.
Keep your back straight.
Tension in the arms.
Good. Mei.
Yun. do it like me.
Same!
Two!
Tense your arm and fist.
Keep your back straight and look forward.
The leg.
Again. concentrate!
Ready?
All together!
Yuxin! Someone's coming!
May!
-Come with us. quickly!
-No I do not want to!
Come with Mom.
-Fast!
-Let me go!
-Get in there. quickly.
-No!
Hurry up.
Don't look. Yun. We'll carry on.
Next exercise. let's go.
Same.
Two.
Three. Keep the tension high.
But I want to go to my sister's!
Yes. darling. we're
going to Yun's right now.
I want to go to my sister's.
That's fine. you can go soon.
Mom has a present for you.
Do you like it? Be nice.
- Two
- Good day.
Good day.
-Are you Mr. Xiao?
-Correct.
Do you do Kung Fu?
I'm teaching it to my daughter.
-She is talented!
-Yes. thank you very much.
Bad!
Go!
Who among you already has a child?
Answer!
I.
You know. customers like
no tight vaginas.
Take off your clothes.
Come on. everyone take your clothes off!
Will it be soon?
Come on. get undressed!
This needs to be faster!
You are too slow.
Take your hands down.
Get your hands away.
What's your name?
Xla Xin.
To the brothel.
Finally. put your hands down.
Can't you hear me? Hands down.
Name?
I want to know your name.
This one is probably mute.
For massage.
Take your hands down.
It stinks and is dirty.
I said. "Take it off!"
Where is Yun?
-Get undressed!
-Tell me where Yun is!
I don't know any Yun.
-Undress yourself!
-Where is she?
Then you take them off.
Get undressed.
Come on. get out!
Where is Yun?
No. please don't...
Tell me where she is!
-Tell me!
-I don't know it!
Are you going to tell
me now? Spill the beans!
You need to look up there.
There's someone down there!
Come on. down!
Come on. run!
Who are you? Get out of here!
That's it!
That?
Where is Yun? Where is she?
Yun is not here.
Are you looking for your sister?
And now. gen.
Go!
Catch them. don't let them go!
-Where is she?
-Over here!
China-Restaurant
"Forbidden City"
Damn it. what are you doing?
Pay attention!
And you. go to hell!
Your grandpa is already there!
Why are you stopping?
Should I run them over?
Finally move your tricycle!
You're in the way.
Piazza Vittorio ist leer
And the cops are going in circles.
...the most beautiful of them all!
25. 20. 25. 20...
Restaurant Alfredo
Are you alone? Then come.
Sit down there.
Come on. sit down.
Have a seat!
I'll be right there.
Stop it!
A huge thing. four by two meters...
The water is slightly bubbling?
I'll take care of it.
-No way. wait a minute!
-Which table?
-We're not paying for that.
-What is it?
Shame on you!
That's far too expensive!
Perhaps I was wrong.
-We're not paying.
-Table 7. pay.
You need to cancel this.
Wait. I don't understand!
I just can't believe it.
Cacio e pepe. Carbonara.
Amatriciana and Arrabbiata.
All at once. how is that possible?
Quite simply. first Cacio e Pepe.
dann Amatriciana.
then Carbonara and finally Arrabbiata.
Santi. today is not my day.
Lino. you've been a waiter for 50 years.
And you take such an order?
-Watch out. little boss...
-Don't call me that.
-Two Cicoria.
-Immediately!
You must come. there
are two Englishmen there.
-No. no photos.
-I don't think they want any photos.
-The calculation is probably incorrect.
-Frag Mama.
That's the problem.
They speak English.
-Santi. come with me.
-I'm already here.
-It was Chardonnay. not Dom Perignon!
-Over 1000 euros!
-What is it?
-The calculation is incorrect.
-Much too high.
-I messed up.
-A disgrace.
-1400 Euro?
I just messed up!
-It was a mistake.
-Tell him.
Accident or intentional?
This is a rip-off.
we're calling the police.
-Wait.
-It was a mistake!
-What does she say?
-They want to report us.
-Is this supposed to be a joke?
-Stay calm. pay attention.
Is that a good thing? It was
a mistake. and that was it.
-Why is there a report?
-Sorry. that's on the house.
- Signoral
- Please don't cry.
-Not worth mentioning.
-What else?
Please don't cry!
Who's crying?
Dad. where the hell are you?
No. no! That too!
Damn it.
That's not allowed. no
photos. get out of here.
I'm looking for Alfredo.
He's not there.
I can see that. I asked where he is.
Are you deaf? He's not here.
Tell me where he is
Otherwise I'll hit you. you idiot.
What comes to mind?
Go to hell. translate that.
Are you crazy?
-Where is Alfredo?
-I don't know where Dad is.
I don't know it!
I don't know where he is!
With a prostitute from China.
With a Chinese prostitute. honestly!
I don't know where he is.
That's the truth!
That's the truth. honestly.
I can not anymore.
Marcello. is everyone ready?
No.
I feel bad.
KUNG FU IN ROME
The Forbidden City
I do what I can.
with all my heart
What. hey? Is that all?
Are you kidding us?
Keep the big money?
Big money?
Two. five. ten euros.
Because of pity.
No one feels sorry for them.
MY
This is how you can
Not paying debts.
I'm doing what I can.
"I do what I can..."
"...with all my heart."
-Who writes this crap?
-A friend.
A bad friend. it doesn't help at all.
Got it?
Make sure you raise the money.
Give me a job.
Another job?
A place to sleep. credit
And now a job too?
Who do you think I am?
Malik. watch.
that you raise the money.
Otherwise I'll make two.
Little pygmies inside you.
My last word.
Finally at home.
Reserved
To whom do we owe
Why bust your ass today?
Call the Pakistanis.
They should fetch the umbrellas.
It will rain tomorrow.
-Years?
-My handsome one.
No Tom and Jerry. please.
-What's wrong with your face?
-Nothing.
She was a Chinese woman.
-Seriously. what happened?
-I'm embarrassed to admit it. but it's true.
The Chinese woman came in
and asked where Dad was.
And since I don't know...
Seriously?
-What did she want from Alfredo?
-No idea.
-Was that a woman?
-Yes.
I am indeed a wimp.
But it will destroy you.
Do you hear that?
She'll drive you crazy.
You know exactly. Tom and Jerry
I don't want to see that here.
Those damned assholes.
They dare to come here.
to my house.
-Was?
-Does Dad owe you money...?
They're paid for.
Everything is paid for.
Now I'll show you
the cursed slanted eyes.
Let's go. Tom and Jerry.
Hello. Marcellino.
Boss. is Bruce Lee coming here for dinner?
Don't talk nonsense!
That asshole has been dead for 50 years.
how is that supposed to work?
Think about it!
This is a photomontage!
Everything here is fake.
everything is counterfeit.
Inside just like outside.
Even the building is fake.
Look at this. can something
like this really be real?
Alles fake.
like the leather jacket on the ass.
Fake leather
from a false. dead dog.
The crooks are selling
it as Made in Italy.
How much longer will this take?
Hannibal!
Hannibal. yes.
Do you see how they smile?
But behind our backs...
Have you come for dinner?
Nice hairstyle. let's stop playing games.
And stop the drama. I know.
that you understand me.
What do you want from Marcello?
A girl. one of you.
asked for Alfredo at the restaurant.
Then she beat up Marcello.
And?
He didn't send anyone.
Of course.
A Chinese woman enters the restaurant.
And asks for Alfredo.
Your handwriting. Wang!
We paid for everything.
What more do you want?
For the last time.
He didn't send anyone.
"For the last time?"
Then we do the following:
We are looking for the girl.
And if you did send them.
I'll kill you.
I have a gift for you.
Give me the CD.
Maggio - Who cares?
Who is the tail face?
May. his son.
-Very talented.
-Most certainly.
-He sings in Italian.
-Even.
Wang. you are in Italy.
You have to speak Italian.
Should we have told him.
That the girl was here too?
Unfulfilled promises
I thank my father.
He who did not exert himself
Keep your eyes open. be vigilant
Health. good friends
Life is leaving me behind
It leaves me behind!
I'm going to the border
To be permeable
I don't make useless judgments.
I am a son and a father
The filter of my experience
You stupid thing.
I don't joke about love.
I never did that.
You will at most
Insult
And chase them away
Because you have
No longer interested
The girl
That was only there for that purpose
To pass the time
And then I will go
And you will follow me.
And ask for forgiveness
You will be tender
And know my name
If only it were true.
Mami.
Everyone has to cry
when they hear that music.
-What's wrong with your face?
-I bumped myself.
-Mama.
-And?
-What are you doing?
-I'm decluttering.
He will surely return soon.
This can happen after 30 years.
34 years old. Marcello.
At 65. the fool falls in love again.
As if no one had turned my head.
-You?
-Lie
-Do you think that doesn't happen to women?
-But.
-Na too!
-And who?
The American!
Do you remember the
tall. handsome blond guy?
With a chin like Robert Redford.
Do you remember? He was so handsome.
He gave a $100 tip at the restaurant.
He wanted to go to Texas with me.
He wanted to marry me. Marcello.
Then I would now have oil wells.
Instead of mourning your father.
this rivet.
-And the Russian?
-The Russian?
Do you remember? The director!
-You don't know that either.
-Director?
He wanted to go to Hollywood with me.
And an international star
make of me.
He said a woman
with such a beautiful face
is not allowed to sit at the checkout.
And he was right. but I was stubborn.
And I stayed
Just like your father wanted.
Here. 500 ties.
Why does a man need 500 ties?
You're not saying anything?
I've been thinking.
About what?
Why didn't I hear anything?
You were in the kitchen.
-30 years is a long time for anyone.
-Yes but...
-Hello. Marcel!
-HI.
Once you've made a decision
For a family. the door remains closed.
That's what I hold against him.
He left the door open.
Sooner or later
Someone slips in.
-Hello. Marcel!
-Hello. Mohamed.
Yes. but this can't go on.
-Hi Marce. hi Lorena.
-Hello. Said.
Why don't you go out with a friend?
When did you last see Marzia?
Marzia has been dead for two years!
-Real?
-You're completely stupid.
Then just go on vacation.
on a cruise!
With what money?
He didn't leave a single cent.
I'm about to start screaming.
I am so ashamed.
Mustafa!
Here's a gift for you!
-Like that?
-Because you're just so nice.
Thank you. Lore!
That hurts him the most.
when he comes back.
Hi. Marcel!
HI.
Table 12. the bill.
Put them there. And will you
bring the plates into the kitchen?
-> - Lore?
-And?
I watched you.
-You look good.
-And whether.
Really great.
Do you know.
What was I just thinking about?
By the Prophet. Do you remember?
Clear.
500 years ago.
Do you remember how we
Did we go there secretly.
just the two of us?
-Yes.
-I sang for you.
I still remember it.
As beautiful as we were back then Only
young people in love can be like that.
Lorena.
But the food was terrible!
Are you hitting on me?
-No. why do you think that?
-Injury.
Oh yes?
Then we could
Maybe sometime in the next few days...
Don't upset me.
Otherwise I'll miscalculate again.
And also. Santi.
Another shitty day.
Maybe you.
But there's one thing you should know:
No matter what happens.
Whatever it is.
I'm here for you.
You can rely on me.
I know.
BETSI.K=Y
-Mama?
-What?
-Understood?
-Absolutely! It's fantastic.
Here. our revenue: 380 euros.
Added correctly.
Marcello. come here for
a moment. Excuse me!
What is?
We need to clarify.
what's the deal with the Chinese woman.
That's the least of our problems!
Look. I've done some calculations.
I put aside 500 euros every month.
In 6 to 7 years
I have paid you back everything.
And what about inflation?
That was a joke! Here's how we'll do it:
If you have more air. give me some.
Agreed? If you have more breathing room.
You're part of the family. you know that.
right? How many times do I have to tell you?
We have only one problem:
the Chinese woman.
If you don't stay on top of it.
Chinese troops will be there tomorrow
Africans and Mongolians on the mat.
It has come to this.
What can I say?
Marcellino. we are at war!
Every centimeter counts!
As in the comic books.
What are their names again?
With the Gallic village.
that involves a magic potion
resists the occupation.
-Asterix and Obelix.
-Exactly those.
We are like this village.
Who are we?
We Italians. we Romans!
Did the Chinese woman hit you on the head?
Our neighborhood
here is like this village.
And we're not letting anyone in here.
-Weren't the Romans the bad guys?
-Do you think?
Don't take it too literally.
watch out:
Describe Tom and
Jerry. your Chinese girl. go.
-She has almond-shaped eyes.
-Again?
Are you kidding us?
This is serious!
How do you describe a Chinese woman?
How so? Was she tall. short. thin. fat?
Short or long hair.
What was she wearing?
She was nasty.
incredibly strong and merciless.
Otherwise. a Chinese woman
like a thousand others.
-Just like... her.
-Like who?
-That's her!
-How?
-Secure?
-Jal
Come on. come on. after her!
-What about her?
-Nothing.
I want to know.
Did Schicke Frisur lie to us?
Don't worry. Hey!
Hey! Come here.
I just want to talk.
I don't bite.
Stop!
I just want to tell you something.
I won't hurt you.
That bitch.
We work overtime because of her.
Go over there.
Slut. where are you?
You seem to enjoy playing hide-and-seek?
Tough luck. you're out today.
Slut. you're not good enough.
Great God!
That bitch!
Look what she did!
Dear God!
Where do you all hang out?
What the hell?
Yesterday. yesterday!
-Where. then?
-Here!
Holy shit.
What happened?
Hey.
-What happened then?
-She is the devil.
-The woman is the devil.
-Just look at this.
Malik?
You're enjoying life. aren't you?
Then everything's fine. Malik!
-Damn it.
-Who's there?
Good luck!
What the hell is this?
What's there to complain about?
Malik. get out of bed.
Quiet. you all owe me money.
You all still need to give me money.
Is that clear?
Malik. hurry up. you're coming with me.
-Get out of bed.
-Why come along?
You wanted to work. that's your job.
You are accompanying me now.
I know you.
You. him. and him.
You owe me 400 euros.
-You said 350.
-So you still remember.
I said 350. now it's 400.
Don't forget the interest.
If you If you don't fit in.
I'll have you deported.
That's how it works here. understand?
Let's go. Lothar!
Right on time for the first day of work!
Make room.
Lie down again. come on!
We're closed!
-Do you have a car?
-Get lost. you're drunk!
-For what?
Go on!
Sure. I have.
-Where do we actually want to go?
-Just drive.
Please tell me!
Quiet! Drive!
-What does she say?
-Fahr.
Stop here. Stop.
Beilung!
-Where is it?
-There.
Yesterday. yesterday!
Grabt.
What's going on here?
Start digging!
-Damned.
-Shit.
Faster.
Dig faster. are you deaf?
You promised.
that you will always stay with me!
That you'll come to the seaside with me!
Why are you lying here now?
Why did this happen to you. sister?
How did you get here?
Why?
Who did this to you?
Your father is to blame for everything!
Stand up!!
Your father killed my sister!
It's all his fault.
Give them back to me!
Don't run away. help
me! What does she say?
Why are you running away?
What did she say?
She says your father
had her sister killed.
What. her sister?
Your sister?
Is that your sister?
-What happened then?
-I don't know it.
-What happened!
-I don't know.
Tell me. you asshole!
You have to tell me!
I don't care about
anything. just this place.
Frag Mr. Wang.
-Wang?
-Yes. exactly!
Your father killed her!
It's his fault!
What is he doing in her life?
How could he?
What does she say?
Your father is a murderer.
He believed they could be together!
Damn. what is she saying?
Your father has her sister taken
He is responsible for her death.
Your sister
He took my father. okay?
It's her fault! Hers!
Tell her!
He says your sister is to blame.
Don't say that again!
Dad?
What did they do to you?
Where do you want to go?
You can't leave me here!
Do you remember when
the violets were blooming?
We made a promise to each other
Never to separate
No. never
The love that drives us crazy
It's over
All that remains for us
are scattered caresses.
And some tenderness
Thank you so much! I thank you all!
Cheers to you all!
What's up. Marcello?
Great God.
Alfredo!
They killed him.
Mama...
How am I going to tell Mom?
Perhaps he'll be better off here.
As in an urn grave
in the suburban cemetery.
You need to calm down. Marcellino.
Find peace.
Because of him.
and because of your mother.
If your husband runs off with
another woman. You'll get over it.
Life goes on.
But such a death.
You can't just shrug that off.
If you have paid his debts
and nothing was open anymore
Why did they kill him then?
I paid off the old debts.
As for the new ones...
The girl lived like a slave.
Perhaps he wanted to save her.
To die like that at his age.
because you can see the tail
can't keep it in my pants.
-Like a complete idiot.
-Don't talk about your father like that.
What am I supposed to say?
He died because he chased after a girl.
And we're in deep shit.
with the grief. the debts
and the shame.
Simply because he didn't want to grow old.
Everything and everyone
He didn't care. he's an asshole.
A sad asshole.
-Marcellinus?
-Yes.
Come with me. I have
something to show you.
There he is.
What are we doing here?
They wish?
It's unbelievable.
As if we were burglars.
These savages. listen to them.
He rented it for her.
For both of them.
That's what the 40.000
were for. you understand?
The rent
and the transfer fee.
so that she could be here.
So that she wouldn't
have to work as a prostitute.
It was about more than just the tail.
To keep it in your pants.
He had fallen in love.
The fool had fallen in love.
Marcellinus.
I don't agree with him.
Not at all.
To run away with a Chinese woman.
to destroy the family...
I can't understand that.
But that's not true. that he didn't
care about anything or anyone.
Do you understand. Marcello?
What does this mean.
"You can't find him?"
No one has seen him since yesterday.
His phone is switched off.
This one was lying in front
of the door this morning.
It's his.
That was her.
We are no longer the same.
who we once were.
We came to conquer.
But we have been conquered.
This city
It gets under your skin.
It conquers the senses. the mind.
It weakens body and mind.
Every effort
seems to be in vain.
She finds it.
Otherwise I'll
Your children on the menu.
Goes!
Wang!
Where is Wang?
Wang. you are a dirty murderer.
A murderer!
Get out of here!
Suppressing the weaker ones.
You can't think of anything else!
Get out of here!
You can play the tyrant.
You are a bunch of murderers.
All of you. you and your boss!
You're a murderer. Wang! A murderer!
You are a murderer!
You all know they're murderers!
Mahjong!
-What luck!
-And our bad luck.
It all goes to me.
If we pay. we've lost.
Gentlemen!
Please allow me a moment.
Do you remember my son?
Maggio. like May.
Born in the most
beautiful month of the year.
He has grown up.
He's an adult!
And he is a singer. a great singer.
He's giving a concert soon.
They should all come and applaud.
It's clear!
Not you. he can't stand you.
He is ashamed of himself.
And despises him.
He doesn't call him Dad.
but a "cursed criminal"!
You seem to know a lot about this.
What else do you
remember? Continue speaking.
We all know how it goes.
Because of your money. you believe
You can do whatever you want.
Sorry to bother you. Gentlemen.
Mr. Zhang just likes to joke around.
Feel free to continue playing!
Have 2000 of these printed.
Everyone should see my son.
Catch them!
Stop!
Not here in front of everyone.
-Bring them down.
-Yes. Mr. Wang.
Come on. get rid of them!
I'll kill you. you slut!
-Where did she go?
-Over there!
Go after them! Catch them!
Take care of him.
She was just here a moment ago.
Look there! And you look there!
-She's not here.
-And what about under the truck?
Find her!
SECURE Tel
Look for them everywhere!
-What is?
-Come with me.
-Catch me!
-Don't argue. or you'll get what's coming to you.
I'm not arguing!
Marcello?
Stay calm. I'm finished.
Marcello. you must take her with you.
Why me?
She cannot stay here.
Why did you bring her here?
I have a heart.
I have that too.
A big heart. I had to help her.
Then keep them.
-My apartment is small.
-Mine too.
What's the point. bro. what's the point?
You are alone. and there are seven of us.
I have to protect my family.
Look at this.
Do you see?
Disappeared
It's hanging everywhere here.
Bro. I have five kids!
If anything happens
to them. I'll kill myself.
And if something happens to me.
They are lost.
Santi. you shouldn't have
should interfere.
They loved each other.
Hey. Hannibal.
I need to tell you something.
Go ahead.
-Hey. Anni!
-Are you finally here?
I'm sorry.
What's that on your head?
You look like my grandma.
And what could you do?
Don't say it on the phone?
-You don't discuss things like that over the phone.
-What?
That's my car! What's the meaning of this?
My car!
Calm down.
There could be traces of blood in the car.
From the Chinese woman
or the Chinese person. or both.
Watch out. tomorrow or the day after
You file a police report for theft.
How come?
We can clean the car.
Cleaning is completely pointless.
The bulls are so well equipped today.
they would
They'll be there in no time.
I'm involved in this because of you.
And I don't want to take any risks.
The Chinese woman is a danger to everyone.
If the Chinese find them.
s all good.
because they're guaranteed to kill them.
If the police find them.
then she talks
and put us all in jail.
-That's why we're looking for her.
-How come?
Stay calm. you don't have to do anything.
Let me know if she shows up.
Call me. okay?
What did I do to deserve this?
-There's one more thing I wanted to ask you.
-What else?
If I went out to eat with your mom.
Would you be angry then?
No.
That's a huge weight
lifted off my shoulders.
We are a family.
We must stick together and be united.
When all the drama is over.
then we'll leave all of this behind us
and only retain the memories.
the beautiful ones.
Hello. Marcellino.
Come on. Blondinen!
Move your asses!
Don't worry. Marcello.
HI.
I brought this with me.
for your wounds.
This needs to go in the wash.
I am Marcello.
Xlao Mei.
-Xiao Mei.
-Hi Mei.
Are you hungry?
I'll do it.
Hi Mei...
Complete!
So. Chinese...
I took what was there.
I am not a specialist.
It tastes like chicken
with tea tree broth.
Ehrlich?
I just threw together
whatever I had on hand.
May I?
Yummy!
Why are you locking me up?
What's the meaning of this. Mei!
Let me go!
-Why are you locking me up?
-They'll kill you otherwise!
They'll kill you otherwise.
I cannot be locked up.
-I want to get out.
-That's not possible. they're looking for you.
Let me out.
No.
I beg you.
Disappeared
Do you understand now?
Who is this?
May. Wangs Sohn.
He never shows his face here.
Let's hurry.
-Do you like Rome?
-Nice!
-Is it beautiful?
I have no idea. I don't understand you!
Yes. that is a church.
Rome is full of churches. you know.
Stop honking!
-How high!
-An ancient palazzo!
-The lights!
-Another church!
Marcello. come on!
You always hit someone on the head.
-A huge house!
-The Temple of Jupiter.
How nice!
Many temples.
There is the mouth of truth.
Over there. yes!
-Up there!
-Our national monument.
an obelisk. a church...
And cobblestones. also very nice.
Or what? Rattle. rattle!
I am very glad.
Look how beautiful.
the Marcellus Theatre.
-His name is Marcello. like mine.
-Marcello!
We have churches. fountains.
Potholes. cobblestones.
Bridges... and assholes!
HI!
-HI!
-Very good.
Well done!
-HI!
-Hello. Romal
- Hello. Romal
And?
Do you like it?
Wow!
I was a great tour guide!
But Rome makes it easy.
And?
Are you satisfied?
Thank you. Marcello.
Not worth mentioning.
I haven't been here in ages either.
Alright then. let's go!
Honestly...
I hardly ever go out.
I'm always locked in the kitchen.
Where are you? My
No no!
You can't do that! Where
do you think you're going?
The police will be here soon!
Holy shit.
That will not do!
I'm risking my life to help you!
Understood? And you
don't care about any of that?
They'll kill you.
If they find you. Do you want that?
Please! Go ahead!
Since you showed up.
My life is ruined.
I had a father
and thought he was fine.
I also had a car.
Take care.
Do you know why my sister was here?
Because of me.
When I was born.
In my homeland. was one allowed to
only have one child.
My sister had already been born.
I should never have existed.
So I was raised from a young age
locked in the house.
For over twenty years.
I hated her the whole time.
I didn't see why
why only they go to school
and was allowed to meet her friends
Take the train. go to the theatre.
But every time she came home.
She lay down next to me.
I had to close my eyes.
Then she told me where she had been.
And what she had experienced.
Only she cared.
How I felt.
Now it is allowed to
have multiple children.
but in my province
Do I still have to pay a fine?
To legitimize his child.
My sister wanted to go to Rome
earning money.
to buy my freedom.
Now I am alive
and she is dead.
And I never told her.
that she is human.
the one I love the most.
I must take revenge.
Why revenge?
My father
and your sisters are dead.
Isn't that enough?
What do you want to do?
Tell me what to do.
Should I do it like you?
Always standing in the kitchen?
Cooking pasta every day?
I can't do that!
He was your father.
She was my sister.
I can't forget this!
Tell me what to do.
What do you want to do?
What can we do?
Sorry.
I'm sorry. excuse me!
That was wrong of me.
So then...
Good night.
BETSI.K=Y
-Hi. Mei.
-HI.
-What?
-A mammal
-Marcello!
-What's that supposed to mean?
-Can't you say that?
-I already did that last night.
-Then I understood.
-What?
I hung up the laundry.
You always leave them in the machine.
Is your girlfriend pretty?
A little stocky perhaps...
Is it something serious?
Oh. come on. Mom.
You've never been able to lie to me.
I don't know much.
But I do know something about love.
-When will you introduce her to me?
-If it's something serious.
-Is she from Rome?
-From Eastern Rome.
Ah. East.
I'll make some coffee.
-Marcello?
-And?
Annibale invites me to dinner.
Yes. he even...
I asked for permission.
I'm kind of embarrassed.
-I feel guilty.
-A mammal
Dad would definitely want to
that you are happy.
Mama.
Life is beautiful. despite everything.
It never ceases to amaze us.
HI!
I'm back!
Hello!
May?
Hi everyone! Thanks!
Thanks anyway!
May. May. May...
I can feel the pain on my skin.
A nasty chill remains.
Everything comes to a standstill.
If you don't let go
And it smells rotten.
Like someone who's been there too long
In his time lives
The one who doesn't understand
And leaves me facing headwinds
These rhymes have been
going on since the first nights.
A range of urgent decisions
Unfulfilled promises
Thanks to the producer
He who did not exert himself
Eyes open. alert gaze
Health. good friends
But life is leaving me behind
I don't shoot at the sky
Try to remain open
I don't want to pass judgment.
I am a son and a father.
Filters of my experience
I cannot live without being.
Do what I can
Against walls and sadness
Let the herd pass by.
What matters. I hold close to my heart.
I lie on the asphalt-black sky
Observe the stars. don't lose them.
On. off. on. off...
Who cares. it doesn't matter
Please just forget about it.
Perhaps then it will become clear
Hey. what's that all about?
Come here!
Come if you dare!
You are a coward.
Even your son despises you!
Show yourself!
Here I am.
I missed the concert because of you.
What would you do to me?
What if I had killed him?
What if I had killed your loved one?
Think about it.
Because...
I will do the same to you.
Go ahead.
Tell me.
Tell me what happened.
Tell me!
Ladder
Tell me what happened.
How did you kill her?
If I suddenly
Losing would have to
Then I would have
The world lost
And not just you
Can you think of anyone?
Who wanted to harm your father?
-No.
-Where were you last night?
I had a performance. nearby.
Purchase agreement
Are you sure?
What's going on here?
You are here because you know.
-Put down your pen. we're leaving.
-No.
Yes. let's go.
Don't get upset. it's been decided.
So much for "decided"! Got it?
Put that pin down.
Be careful with the
fountain pen. it's antique.
You should shut your mouth.
Got it?
He says not to talk
like that at his house.
At his house?
Your home
is millions of kilometers away.
This is my home.
And you're playing dirty. Wang.
Anni. forget it. We agree.
-I'll give you the money.
-It's not about the money.
-No.
-I said. shut your mouth!
What distinguishes my homeland.
Millions of kilometers away.
from this place?
What?
Anything goes here.
and nothing has any meaning.
Nothing is allowed here.
And everything has meaning.
What does this mean?
Anyone who wants
something significant from us.
There must be something
significant in return.
Significant? She's a whore!
Don't you dare!
Xiao Yun. back to work.
No!
Go now. Anni. get out now!
Are you chasing me away?
I want to save your ass!
I want to leave with her!
I want to leave with
her. do you understand?
They won't let her go otherwise.
No!
Do you understand. Anni?
Do you understand?
Calm down. it's me! Alfredo...
Think about it
To your son. your wife. your family!
You know what?
I didn't know anymore either.
What it's like to be in love.
Do you understand?
Things are different at our age.
The restaurant belonged
to your grandfather.
your father. us.
and then Marcello and his children!
Marcello will not have any children.
If he continues like this.
And all of that
Because of a Chinese vagina?
Don't talk about her
like that. understand?
Because of her I feel
like I've been reborn.
I even rose again.
You don't understand.
because you're still dead.
Are you abandoning me like this?
So you're abandoning me. Alfredo?
We grew up here.
as if we were brothers!
We must not allow
ourselves to be blackmailed.
And give those assholes
everything they've got!
This is how our world goes to the dogs.
Annibale. what are you talking about?
It's my home. This is my home.
You want everything. you scum.
I found only one solution
for Signor Alfredo's problem.
Don't make a scene. just
put it behind you and be okay.
-Not.
-What are you doing there?
Just go. forget it.
Have no fear.
Are you shooting at us?
No. Alfredo. please!
Alfredo!
Initials on each page
and sign the last one?
Alfredo. throw away the pen.
Please do not sign!
Annibale. go now.
Put that thing away and leave.
Nobody is afraid of you.
What have you done?
Alfredo. don't leave me!
You bastard!
Go to hell. you Italian dog!
I didn't want to tell you.
I wanted to protect you.
That's why I ran away.
Where are you going. Marcello!
Open up!
Open the door!
Years!
You've really dressed up!
Do you want to get married?
You look great.
I figured.
We could have dinner here.
-Here?
-Here we are among ourselves.
It's our home.
Today I'm going to
let myself be waited on.
Tell me. have you
sometimes asked
what it would be like if there were
something between the two of us.
I don't know if it would
have turned out differently?
You shouldn't ask such questions.
You're right.
Mourning the past is pointless.
-You have to look ahead.
-Correct.
That's why I wanted to invite you.
-To look ahead.
-Where I've been working for 30 years!
What is that?
Marcello. what is this?
For a dirty trick?
Noodle soup with tea tree broth.
In honor of Dad.
Understood.
-I had ordered Amatriciana.
-That's what he always wanted.
Preferably at midday and in the evening.
May I?
But he couldn't tolerate them.
It always sat in his stomach.
At night it was hell.
You know what?
He forced us to go to the emergency room.
because he was terrified.
Yes. I remember that.
He liked going to the emergency room.
Headache?
Emergency room.
Pain in the arm? Heart attack?
A small cut? Tetanus.
to the emergency room.
And then he wanted every
Get an X-ray.
"For safety".
And he got angry when it was said.
He lacked nothing.
"What's the point of this?" he grumbled.
"These are not doctors."
-but rather agricultural laborers!
-Yes. that's right.
He liked that expression.
Or also "bunglers and strays".
"These bunglers. these vagrants".
He said that often.
What does "bungler" mean?
Do you know what it means?
-No.
-Me neither.
Only Alfredo knows that.
Marce. why did you tell me
Did you bring this stuff?
The court is unimportant.
Appetite comes with eating.
You never lacked that.
Is that right?
-Iss.
-Don't be so rude!
-Hello. Anni.
-What's the point of that?
Eat. I want to see how you eat!
Marcello. what's wrong with you?
Why are you like this?
Lorena.
I still have something to do.
And our dinner?
Another time.
You just want to leave like that?
You have your soul You sacrificed
yourself for that and then you leave?
Hannibal!
Marcello. what's wrong?
What's wrong. why are
you behaving like this?
-What do you have?
-Mama...
You are so Beautiful.
I'm just a little tense.
I'm going to apologize. okay?
I'll be right back.
Hannibal?
-Hey!
-Go back inside. it's better for all of us.
Let's clear this up.
Hannibal!
Go away.
You can't get away with it.
Go away!
How could you?
For that shitty restaurant?
At my father's grave
You told me nothing but lies!
Say it! You have
Murdered your best friend!
-My friend?
-Say it!
He wanted to leave you.
Your father wanted to leave.
He wanted your most precious thing.
For sale: our restaurant.
-"Our"?
-To the pigs.
I wished.
He would still be alive. you understand?
You're a fucking idiot.
You're an idiot.
Just like him.
-Because of this.
-You're the idiot. Annibale.
Look at you. you're pathetic.
Be careful what you say.
-Watch what you say. damn it!
-You are a failure.
Worse than the ones you're ripping off.
You're a dinosaur.
The last dinosaur on this earth.
And a cursed murderer.
A murderer?
-I did it for you.
-For me?
-For all of us.
-No.
You did it.
because you are alone in the world.
Because there was nowhere else for you.
Because we were the only ones.
who welcomed you and liked you.
And you kill your best friend.
He liked you.
Despite your dirty deals.
I liked you.
despite your dirty deals.
They too
I liked you
despite your dirty deals.
We liked you.
how one loves a poor pig.
-Stop it.
-You are dead and you don't know it.
-You disgust me.
-Screw you. that's enough.
It is enough.
That's enough.
Will you kill me too?
Go ahead. kill me.
You will find no peace.
Make sure you hit it.
And bury me next to my father.
Greetings.
-That's it.
-See you again!
See you in the morning.
Everyone be on time tomorrow!
Bye. little one!
-Hello. Lorena.
-HI.
Restaurant Lorena
Also. Bro.
Another shitty day.
Maybe you.
Take care.
Kiss my ass!
I'm tired now. and you?
Let's go get something to eat.
Marcello!
We're so hungry. hurry up!
-Thank you. Dad.
-Please. my darling.
-Please.
Bon appetit.
Can you drive them tomorrow?
Otherwise I'll be late.
Sure. I'll do it.
KUNG FU IN ROME
The Forbidden City
Subtitle: Esther Yaku
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-